So here is our IDE.
First file is about java file.
So this file is inside the package.
Electricity.
We have imported the necessary package which will be used.
Whose classes and methods will be used in this our file.
Then we will.
Public class.
We have used as a framework and swing framework in this class.
So first public class about it is extending the GE frame which will manage our complete window output
window and implementing the action listener whose methods will be redefined for the actions which will
perform on the button.
So we have a button, button instance we want a label, instance, 11, three, font, instance F,
F, one and f21, text eight, instance t one and a string s.
Inside the constructor of the class we have set the layout as well default and then initializing the
button name.
First button name is B, one name is exit, adding the button, setting the bounds for the button and
adding action listener because a button will be handling any event.
So we have added action now so that it can handle those events.
Whenever any event is performed on the button, then we have initializing the font type, it's type,
it's bold and its size.
Then we set the font by using set font method.
Now we have initialized the string.
This is the string which we have initialized, which will be shown in the about project.
When we run this file text area, we have initialize the text area passing that string, it's x and
y coordinate and the scrollbar it is vertically scrollable, so it is editable.
We have set it as editable false.
So we cannot edit that text area, set the bounds for the text data and adding that text to the frame.
Then we have a front frame again setting the types of frame initializing and setting those frame to
our text area.
Now again container content and getting the content of the frame and now initializing that even as a
new text area.
Then we have initialize the label element whose name will be about project, adding the label, setting
the bounds for the label and setting the foreground color for the label.
So label will be represented in red color font F to initialize the type of the font F two and set the
font due to the label one, adding that to label one setting the bounds for the j frame layout as null
and visibility of the frame is true.
Now implementing the action perform element which will take E as input and it will be disposed only
one thing that will be closed on the press of exit button.
So let's see how its output will be shown inside main function we have called the new about and set
visible.
True, so we will setting the visibility of this window will be to run file then will show this is how
the file will be shown.
This is the output.
Output about project is showing in red color and inside the text area.
This is the information about the project.
When we press the exit button, it will close them and nothing will happen.
So this is about Dark Java file.
Next we will move on to the log and or Java file.
Again, we have created this log inside the package electricity using the Abstract Window Toolkit and
swing class.
It will also use as well as it will connect with our database also, which we have created using that
common Java file in our previous video.
Now public class login ID exchange frame will be used to create the window and it implements Excel,
which will handle the events on the buttons.
So if there are four labels as well and two, three and L for one text field tf1 password field pef
two three buttons, we will be to be three panels p, one P to p, four P to p three and p four and
one choice of command.
So inside log in we have initialized its name that is login page layout will be null and it's a background
color setting as the window for the white first label will be as username.
So we have added the label name user, setting the bounds for the user name and adding that label to
the frame.
Next we have the label as password.
Setting that password bounds and adding that password to the label from next is text area def one is
actually a text field, so we are adding that text field, setting the bounds for the text field that
will be used to enter username, adding that text field to the j frame.
Similarly for the password adding setting the bounds for the password and adding the password file.
Adding the password field in front of the password which will be used to enter the password.
Then there is l for label for login in as and it will be a choice.
So setting the bounds for this, adding that label for now here choice object is created initialize
and its two choices have been passed either admin or customers so you can choose from the dropdown menu.
It's bound has been set and added to the frame.
Now images.
We have used images on our buttons also.
So first is log in image which will have a which will be used in j button as log and its icon.
So image a login icon will be used on the login button, setting the bound for the button and adding
that button similarly.
Creating image icon object for the cancel button, adding that image icons and scaling its instance
as default and giving its size.
Then we will adding that image to the button which is named as cancel and that is that adding that image
icon.
Setting the bound for the buttons and adding that button to the other frame.
Next is sign up button for sign up.
We will also have an image.
Similarly, we will adding that image to the sign up button, setting the bound for the button and adding
that button to the frame.
Next, we have created or used the methods of past methods.
The B1, B2 and B three buttons, so that whenever it is, these event are performed on the button so
it can perform and produce the relevant result.
Now Image C three is a second image which will be shows as a user an image on the login page, adding
that label, setting the bound of the label and adding that label to the frame.
Next set layout layout of the window will be settings as border layout size.
This will be set the size of the window, location of the window and visibility is set as true.
Now action performed method is defined here.
If the action event is equal to button, if the extent event source is from B1, so B1 is used for login.
So if the login button is clicked, then we will first create the connection object of connection class
and the text field from the one in a string password field from PV two in a string V and selected item
from seven choice you in a string user execute the query select extract from login where username is
equal to this and password this and user is the type of this a, b and user initialize the results set
using the connection class and execute that query.
Pass that queue to the execute query as arguments so it can execute query.
Now asked next it used to iterate over the so it will print the next row from the database or from login
table, and then it will retrieve the meter number, get a string meter number.
So new after retrieving the meter number, it will call the project class of Java.
It is creating a sense of project class meter user pass the meter and user to the project constructor
and it's setting the visibility of the tool.
So project window visibility will be setting as true and current window visibility is false.
So this window will be closed and the project will will open if either ls.
So it will say invalid login if the details are not validated and set the text field and pass or fail
as null.
After that, if any exception occurs, it will handle the exception in the catch block.
LS if if the button b2 is pressed so b two is for cancel button.
So it will set the visibility of this window as false.
And if the button is B3, then it will set visibility of the current window false and create the instance
of the sign up class and setting the visibility of the signup class as true.
Now inside main method, we have created the login instance and setting the visibility of the login
window is true.
Now we will move up to the signup class.
So here is the signup class again inside the electricity package, importing the necessary swing and
blue packages used in this class signup class extending frame and implementation of one panel.
Instance P one text, instance t 1 to 2 to three t for choice instance and g button be one and two inside
the sign up sign up constructor.
We have set the bound for the window first initializing the panel, setting the bound from the panel
layout of the panel as null background color setting as white foreground color using the value we have
setting the foreground color.
Then we are setting the border of the panel.
One Create account.
Its name will be creating a title border reading title border null new color using the new color also
so it will create a border with the new color, adding that P1 panel to the frame.
Next, the label as a user name initializing is foreground color setting the type of font, adding the
bound for the element and adding the adding label one into the panel.
Panel one object.
Next is a text field setting the bound for the text field and adding that text value to the panel.
Again, we will creating the label to setting the foreground color font type bounds and adding that
panel label to the one.
Again, the text field bound, adding that text field to the panel.
Third, it is named as password and setting the foreground of the label font.
It's bound and adding that label.
It's their respective text field.
Three three.
Setting the bound and adding next level is a create account as label similarly created a foreground
font bound and edit that label 50 millimetres number entering meta number text field folder as text
field setting the visibility false and adding that to the panel.
Next is choice either admin or customer account.
You are creating setting the bounding for that and adding that panel.
Now see one dot add item listener.
So see when implementing the add item listener in which we will pass the item list, not object creating
the object and public void item estate change item event a so a string user to even get selected item.
So from C1 we will get the selected item.
If the user is equals to customer, then we will set the label file visibility through and fight for
visibility through.
LS Label five Visibility false and default for visibility false.
So for customer, these label 524 will be visible four and four elements.
Label five and four will not be visible.
After that.
We have created the button to create its foreground color and background color as black and white respectively,
setting the bound, adding event listener, action listener and added that button similarly for the
back button.
Then we have added the icon, assign up image also and adding that to the label, setting the bound
for the label and adding that to the panel.
Now action performed here.
We have in a implementing end refrain if it gets a label to be one, if click the button, be one,
then we will take the text from the get text daemon field name from the t two field password from the
T three field user type from choice and meter number from be fulfilled now try initializing the connection
SDR pass as null.
If user is goes to admin then we will pass execute the query insert into login meter and username,
name, password and user.
That's the query else.
Then we will update login, set username, username, name, password and user where meta number is
equal to t four dot get text.
After that we will execute SDR query on the basis of either admin on customer.
The SDR will be selected.
Then we will show the message account created successfully and set the visibility of the current window
as false and move the window to the new login window as setting the visibility of the login window is
true.
Catching a session will handle the exception.
ElseIf If the button b two is selected, then we will set the visibility of the current window false
and move the user back to the login page again.
And here the main function we have setting the visibility of the sign up page as true.
So let's have a look on the first.
We will run the login page.
So here we will learn the login page.
So run the login page.
It will be shown as this username password.
Now we will kill consign upset will take us to the sign up page as well.
So here the sign up so we can create account here.
We will be doing all this in the separate video at last for the complete project overview output.
That will be video.
So in this video, that's all from the about login and signup class of this project.
Further in videos, we will be moving on to the next classes and knowing about the other classes of
this project.